# Job Offer Data Extraction Project

This project focuses on extracting data about job offers in France from two sources: the Adzuna API and the FranceTravail website. It also includes data cleaning, transformation, and quality assessment.

## Requirements

Before starting, ensure you have the necessary dependencies installed. You can do this by running:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### Extracting Job Offers from Adzuna API
Fetch job offers by running the following command:
```bash
python fetch_jobs_adzuna.py --pages <number_of_pages>
```
- Replace `<number_of_pages>` with the number of pages you want to extract.
- The results will be saved in a CSV file named `adzuna_job_listings.csv`.

### Scraping Job Offers from FranceTravail Website
Scrape job offers using the following command:
```bash
python scrape_francetravail.py --pages <number_of_pages>
```
- Replace `<number_of_pages>` with the number of pages you want to scrape of each category.
- The results will be saved in a CSV file named `francetravail_job_listings.csv`.

### Data Cleaning and Transformation
Clean and combine data from both sources with:
```bash
python data_transform.py
```
- This script generates a unified dataset by merging and preprocessing the data from `adzuna_job_listings.csv` and `francetravail_job_listings.csv`.
- The results will be saved in a CSV file named `combined_job_listings.csv`.

### Quality Assessment
Assess the quality of the combined dataset using the Jupyter notebook:
```markdown
Quality_Assessement.ipynb
```
This notebook provides insights into the quality and structure of the extracted data.

## Outputs
- `adzuna_job_listings.csv`: Contains job offers extracted from the Adzuna API.
- `francetravail_job_listings.csv`: Contains job offers scraped from the FranceTravail website.
- Combined and cleaned dataset: Generated by the `data_transform.py` script.
